📝 Add documentation on the RumUserActionDetector (#399)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: packages/datadog_flutter_plugin/doc/rum/advanced_configuration.md

### Add your own performance timing

In addition to RUM’s default attributes, you can measure where your application is spending its time by using `DdRum.addTiming`. The timing measure is relative to the start of the current RUM view.

For example, you can time how long it takes for your hero image to appear:

```dart
void _onHeroImageLoaded() {
    DatadogSdk.instance.rum?.addTiming("hero_image");
}
```

Once you set the timing, it is accessible as `@view.custom_timings.<timing_name>`. For example, `@view.custom_timings.hero_image`.

To create visualizations in your dashboards, [create a measure][4] first.

### Track user actions

The Datadog Flutter SDK can automatically track certain user actions using the [`RumUserActionDetector`][5]. `RumUserActionDetector` can be placed above any widget tree, to detect tap actions from several standard Flutter widgets.

For example:

```dart
  Widget build() {
    return MaterialApp(
      body: RumUserActionDetector(
        rum: DatadogSdk.instance.rum,
        child: Scaffold(
          // etc.
        ),
      ),;
    )
  }
```

> `RumUserActionDetector` will detect tap actions with certan standard Flutter widgets including `ElevatedButton`, `TextButton`, `CupertinoButton`, `BottomNavigationBar`, `TabBar`, `InkWell`, and `GestureDetector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RumUserActionDetector` detects tap actions with certain standard Flutter widgets including `ElevatedButton`, `TextButton`, `CupertinoButton`, `BottomNavigationBar`, `TabBar`, `InkWell`, and `GestureDetector`.
```

> For most button types, the detector will look for a `Text` widget child to use as the description of the action. In order cases, it will look for a child `Semantics` object, or an `Icon` whith its `Icon.semanticlsLabel` proprety set. If you want more fine grained control of the description of the action, you can also enclose your Widget tree in a [`RumUserActionAnnotation`][6]. All interactions with supported Flutter widgets under the Annotation will use its description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most button types, the detector looks for a `Text` widget child to use as the description of the action. In other cases, it looks for a child `Semantics` object, or an `Icon` with its `Icon.semanticlsLabel` property set. If you want more fine grained control of the description of the action, you can enclose your Widget tree in a [`RumUserActionAnnotation`][6]. All interactions with supported Flutter widgets under the Annotation use its description.
```

For example:

```dart
  RumUserActionAnnotation(
    description: 'Add Checkout Item',
    child: FloatingActionButton(
      child: const Icon(Icons.add)
      // etc.
    ),
  )
```

> To track more complex interactions, or to track specific user actions manually such as scrolls or swipe, you can use `DdRum.addUserAction`, `DdRum.startUserAction` and `DdRum.stopUserAction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To track more complex interactions, or to track specific user actions manually such as scrolls or swipes, you can use `DdRum.addUserAction`, `DdRum.startUserAction` and `DdRum.stopUserAction`.
```

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/flutter/#setup
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/flutter/data_collected
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/explorer/?tab=measures#setup-facets-and-measures
[5]: https://pub.dev/documentation/datadog_flutter_plugin/latest/datadog_flutter_plugin/RumUserActionDetector-class.html
[6]: https://pub.dev/documentation/datadog_flutter_plugin/latest/datadog_flutter_plugin/RumUserActionAnnotation-class.html
[7]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter/tree/main/packages/datadog_tracking_http_client

> [8]: https://pub.dev/documentation/datadog_flutter_plugin/latest/datadog_flutter_plugin/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[8]: https://pub.dev/documentation/datadog_flutter_plugin/latest/
```
